README.md, before:

# README

## Description:
A high-contrast Monokai with focus on visibility and clean colors!

Press Ctrl+K Ctrl+T and select MonokaiPlus to activate

Font used: Hack,
Looks good with: Rainbow Brackets

## Screenshot

### Light Teal
![Screenshots](https://github.com/hsakas/MonokaiPlus/raw/master/screenshots/light-teal-screenshot.PNG)

### Dark Teal
![Screenshots](https://github.com/hsakas/MonokaiPlus/raw/master/screenshots/dark-teal-screenshot.PNG)

### Black Forest
![Screenshots](https://github.com/hsakas/MonokaiPlus/raw/master/screenshots/black-forest-screenshot.PNG)

### Cyber Yellow
![Screenshots](https://github.com/hsakas/MonokaiPlus/raw/master/screenshots/cyber-yellow-shreenshot.PNG)

### Sunny Side
![Screenshots](https://github.com/hsakas/MonokaiPlus/raw/master/screenshots/sunny-side-screenshot.PNG)

### Disney Pink
![Screenshots](https://github.com/hsakas/MonokaiPlus/raw/master/screenshots/disney-pink-screenshot.PNG)

### Angry Red
![Screenshots](https://github.com/hsakas/MonokaiPlus/raw/master/screenshots/angry-red-screenshot.PNG)

### Chalk White
![Screenshots](https://github.com/hsakas/MonokaiPlus/raw/master/screenshots/chalk-white-screenshot.PNG)

### Slate
![Screenshots](https://github.com/hsakas/MonokaiPlus/raw/master/screenshots/slate-screenshot.PNG)


## Author: 
algor

## Questions or Feedback:
Send it to algortroy@gmail.com will be happy to look into it.

## Licence
MIT

Commit message:

removed duplicate disney pink theme

README.md, after:

# README

## Description:
A high-contrast Monokai with focus on visibility and clean colors!

Press Ctrl+K Ctrl+T and type Monokai Plus and select your desired theme

Font used: Hack,
Looks good with: Bracket Pair Colorizer

## Screenshots

### Light Teal
![Screenshots](https://github.com/hsakas/MonokaiPlus/raw/master/screenshots/light-teal-screenshot.PNG)

### Dark Teal
![Screenshots](https://github.com/hsakas/MonokaiPlus/raw/master/screenshots/dark-teal-screenshot.PNG)

### Black Forest
![Screenshots](https://github.com/hsakas/MonokaiPlus/raw/master/screenshots/black-forest-screenshot.PNG)

### Cyber Yellow
![Screenshots](https://github.com/hsakas/MonokaiPlus/raw/master/screenshots/cyber-yellow-shreenshot.PNG)

### Sunny Side
![Screenshots](https://github.com/hsakas/MonokaiPlus/raw/master/screenshots/sunny-side-screenshot.PNG)

### Disney Pink
![Screenshots](https://github.com/hsakas/MonokaiPlus/raw/master/screenshots/disney-pink-screenshot.PNG)

### Angry Red
![Screenshots](https://github.com/hsakas/MonokaiPlus/raw/master/screenshots/angry-red-screenshot.PNG)

### Chalk White
![Screenshots](https://github.com/hsakas/MonokaiPlus/raw/master/screenshots/chalk-white-screenshot.PNG)

### Slate
![Screenshots](https://github.com/hsakas/MonokaiPlus/raw/master/screenshots/slate-screenshot.PNG)


## Author: 
algor

## Questions or Feedback:
Send it to algortroy@gmail.com will be happy to look into it.

## Licence
MIT
